chris Christie Texas rotted for Sunday
and Fox let's hear for Aaron Ross
good visuals double peg watch super tech
look at this
look at the move into that finals right
there you can swallow Aaron online at
the Aaron Ross get a lot of speed double
peg up yeah catch it
so incredibly dialer
which is right there
yes little man said put up the euro
Lucas for a 360 right there I'm off
coming idiot down Madeleine guy
let's hear for Aaron rod
Nik
the choice is yours whooping let's make
some noise for Nicky where my aaron ross
fans then I know you gotta throw out
there how are you guys follow Aaron Ross
on Twitter
at the Heron rock wall away if he needs
more followers
be shout out to the Empire family back
there in Austin Texas
yo numba makeup baby wall right out
great original line from Aaron Ross
right there
what do you guys think of Aaron Ross his
bike colors that 7x coolest look it's
like to be an X let him hear you tell me
hey-ya yell armed they pull the tricks
3x to 70 whip over that hip got about 10
seconds there and any while want more
you guys want one more on Aaron Ross
there you go
the line tomorrow it's gonna be on an
Xbox Live's you got an Xbox and you live
oh my goodness Mickey's looking for a
drop double pegs this is what simple
session is all about talent this guy has
watched simple session for the last four
years his first time